[DOCS-3636] Add Integrate Vector with Datadog (#14768)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/observability_pipelines/integrate_vector_with_datadog.md

---
title: Integrate Vector with Datadog
kind: documentation
dependencies:
  ["https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/blob/master/content/en/integrations/observability_pipelines/integrate_vector_with_datadog.md"]
further_reading:
- link: "/logs/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn more about Datadog Log Management"
- link: "/agent/proxy/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Configure the Agent to use a proxy"
- link: "https://vector.dev/docs/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Vector documentation"
- link: "/integrations/observability_pipelines/vector_configurations/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn more about Vector configurations"
- link: "/integrations/observability_pipelines/working_with_data/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Working with data using Vector"
---

## Overview

Vector integrates with Datadog to aggregate logs, metrics, and traces from Datadog Agents and route collected telemetry to Datadog.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Data flows along the following path:
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "YAML" %}}

```yaml
sinks:
  metrics_to_datadog:
    type: datadog_metrics
    inputs:
       - tag_metrics
    default_api_key: "${DATADOG_API_KEY_ENV_VAR}"
    compression: gzip
    buffer:
         type: disk
         max_size: 309237645312
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "TOML" %}}

```toml
[sinks.metrics_to_datadog]
type = "datadog_metrics"
inputs = [ "some_input_id" ]
default_api_key = "${DATADOG_API_KEY_ENV_VAR}"
compression = "gzip"

  [sinks.metrics_to_datadog.buffer]
  type = "disk"
  max_size = 309_237_645_312

```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "JSON" %}}

```json
{
  "sinks": {
    "metrics_to_datadog": {
      "type": "datadog_metrics",
      "inputs": [
        "tag_metrics"
      ],
      "default_api_key": "${DATADOG_API_KEY_ENV_VAR}",
    compression: gzip,
    “buffer”: {
         “type”: “disk”
         “max_size”: 309237645312
     }
   }
  }
}
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

#### Disk space

> You should provision at least 36 GiB per vCPU * of disk space. If you follow the recommendation of 8 vCPUs, you would provision 288 GiB of disk space (10 MiB * 60 seconds * 60 minutes * 8 vCPUs), allocating ​​48 GiB for metrics and 240 GiB for logs. You can add a volume to the Vector instances to hold the buffer in your Helm chart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should provision at least 36 GB per vCPU * of disk space. If you follow the recommendation of 8 vCPUs, you would provision 288 GB of disk space (10 MB * 60 seconds * 60 minutes * 8 vCPUs), allocating ​​48 GB for metrics and 240 GB for logs. You can add a volume to the Vector instances to hold the buffer in your Helm chart:
```

Author: Thanks @urseberry! It seems like there is a slight difference between GiB and GB measurements: https://kb.wisc.edu/researchdata/page.php?id=101840

I'll defer to @barieom on whether this should be changed to GB.
